3588: Create Access keys, CL and UI (#1261)
scality/Zenko: docs/docsource/operation/account_operations/delete_access_keys.rst

.. _delete_access_keys:

Delete Access Keys
==================

Delete Access Keys Using the UI
-------------------------------

#. Log into the |product| UI.

#. Click **Accounts** on the top menu.

   .. image:: ../../graphics/account_banner.PNG

> #. Click the red trash icon to the right of the access key you wish to delete. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Click the red trash icon next to the Access key you want to delete. 
```
